the hacker manifesto
by the mentor
written january

another one got caught today. its all over the papers: teenager arrested in computer crime scandal; hacker arrested after bank tampering.
damn kids theyre all alike but did you in your three piece psychology and stechno brain ever take a look behindthe eyes of the hacker?
did you ever wonder what made him tick? what forces shaped him? what may have molded him?
i am a hacker. enter my world. mine is a world that begins with school. im smarter than most of the other kids.
this crap they teach us bores me. damn underachiever theyre all alike. im in junior high or highschool.
ive listened to teachers explain for the fifteenth time how to reduce a fraction. i understand it no ms smith i didnt show my work i did it in my head.
damn kid probably copied it. they are all alike. i made a discovery today; i found a computer. wait a second this is cool; it does what i want it to.
if it makes a mistake its because i screwed it up not because it doesnt like me or feels threatened by me or thinks im a smart ass or doesnt like teaching and shouldnt be here.
damn kid all he does is play games. theyre all alike. and then it happened; a door opened to a world rushing through the phone line like heroin through an addicts veins.
an electronic pulse is sent out. a refuge from the day-to-day incompetencies is sought aboard is found this is it this is where i belong i know everyone here even if ive never met them.
never talked to them may never hear from them again i know you all damn kid tying up the phone line again theyre all alike.
you bet your ass were all alike weve been spoon fed baby food at school when we hungered for steak the bits of meat that you did let slip through were prechewed and tasteless.
weve been dominated by sadists or ignored by the a pathetic. the few that had something to teach found us willing pupils but those few are like drops of water in the desert.
this is our world now; the world of the electron and the switch.
the beauty of the baud. we make use of a service already existing without paying for what could be dirt cheap if it wasnt run by profit eering gluttons and you call us criminals.
we explore and you call us criminals. we seek after knowledge and you call us criminals. we exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious bias and you call us criminals.
you build atomic bombs. you wage wars. you murder, cheat, and lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good.
yet we're the criminals. yes i am a criminal; my crime is that of curiosity. my crime is that of judging people by what they say and think not what they look like.
my crime is that of outsmarting you; something that you will never forgive me for.
i am a hacker, and this is my manifesto. you may stop this individual but you can't stop us all.
after all, we're all alike.
