Begin the morning by saying to thyself, I shall meet with
the busy-body, the ungrateful, arrogant, deceitful, envious,
unsocial. All these things happen to them by reason of their
ignorance of what is good and evil. But I who have seen the nature
of the good that it is beautiful, and of the bad that it is ugly, and
the nature of him who does wrong, that it is akin to me, not only of
the same blood or seed, but that it participates in the same
intelligence and the same portion of the divinity, I can neither be
injured by any of them, for no one can fix on me what is ugly, nor
can I be angry with my kinsman, nor hate him, For we are made
for co-operation, like feet, like hands, like eyelids, like the rows of
the upper and lower teeth. To act against one another then is
contrary to nature; and it is acting against one another to be vexed
and to turn away.
Whatever this is that I am, it is a little flesh and breath,
and the ruling part. Throw away thy books; no longer distract
thyself: it is not allowed; but as if thou wast now dying, despise the
flesh; it is blood and bones and a network, a contexture of nerves,
veins, and arteries. See the breath also, what kind of a thing it is,
air, and not always the same, but every moment sent out and
again sucked in. The third then is the ruling part: consider thus:
Thou art an old man; no longer let this be a slave, no longer be
pulled by the strings like a puppet to unsocial movements, no
longer either be dissatisfied with thy present lot, or shrink from
the future.
All that is from the gods is full of Providence. That which is
from fortune is not separated from nature or without an
interweaving and involution with the things which are ordered by
Providence. From thence all things flow; and there is besides
necessity, and that which is for the advantage of the whole
universe, of which thou art a part. But that is good for every part
of nature which the nature of the whole brings, and what serves
to maintain this nature.

Now the universe is preserved, as by the changes of the
elements so by the changes of things compounded of the elements.
Let these principles be enough for thee, let them always be fixed
opinions. But cast away the thirst after books, that thou mayest
not die murmuring, but cheerfully, truly, and from thy heart
thankful to the gods tonight.
Remember how long thou hast been putting off these
things, and how often thou hast received an opportunity from the
gods, and yet dost not use it. Thou must now at last perceive of
what universe thou art a part, and of what administrator of the
universe thy existence is an efflux, and that a limit of time is fixed
for thee, which if thou dost not use for clearing away the clouds
from thy mind, it will go and thou wilt go, and it will never return.
Every moment think steadily as a Roman and a man to do
what thou hast in hand with perfect and simple dignity, and
feeling of affection, and freedom, and justice; and to give thyself
relief from all other thoughts. And thou wilt give thyself relief, if
thou doest every act of thy life as if it were the last, laying aside all
carelessness and passionate aversion from the commands of
reason, and all hypocrisy, and self-love, and discontent with the
portion which has been given to thee. Thou seest how few the
things are, the which if a man lays hold of, he is able to live a life
which flows in quiet, and is like the existence of the gods; for the
gods on their part will require nothing more from him who
observes these things.